docs/examples/get-user-with-client-credentials.mdx, before:

---
title: Get authenticated user with client credentials
description: Get the authenticated user using the client credentials flow.
---

import Tabs from '@theme/Tabs';
import TabItem from '@theme/TabItem';

This example demonstrates how to get the authenticated user using the client credentials flow with different libraries and languages.

## How it works

- The application sends a request to obtain an access token using its client ID and client secret.
- Once the token is received, it is included in the request headers for authentication.
- The API responds with the authenticated user data.

## Examples

<Tabs queryString="lib">
    <TabItem value="axios" label="Axios (JavaScript)">
        ```javascript
        import axios from 'axios';

        const clientId = 'YOUR_CLIENT_ID';
        const clientSecret = 'YOUR_CLIENT_SECRET';

        axios.post('https://miwa.lol/api/oauth2/token', {
            grant_type: 'client_credentials',
            client_id: clientId,
            client_secret: clientSecret,
        }).then((response) => {
            const accessToken = response.data.access_token;

            axios.get('https://miwa.lol/api/user', {
                headers: { Authorization: `Bearer ${accessToken}` },
            }).then((response) => {
                console.log(response.data);
            });
        });
        ```
    </TabItem>
    <TabItem value="requests" label="Requests (Python)">
        ```python
        import requests

        client_id = 'YOUR_CLIENT_ID'
        client_secret = 'YOUR_CLIENT_SECRET'

        response = requests.post('https://miwa.lol/api/oauth2/token', json={
            'grant_type': 'client_credentials',
            'client_id': client_id,
            'client_secret': client_secret,
        })
        response.raise_for_status()
        access_token = response.json()['access_token']

        response = requests.get('https://miwa.lol/api/user', headers={
            'Authorization': f'Bearer {access_token}',
        })
        response.raise_for_status()

        print(response.json())
        ```
    </TabItem>
    <TabItem value="curl" label="cURL (Bash)">
        ```bash
        CLIENT_ID='YOUR_CLIENT_ID'
        CLIENT_SECRET='YOUR_CLIENT_SECRET'

        ACCESS_TOKEN=$(curl -s -X POST https://miwa.lol/api/oauth2/token \
            -d "grant_type=client_credentials" \
            -d "client_id=$CLIENT_ID" \
            -d "client_secret=$CLIENT_SECRET" | jq -r '.access_token')

        curl -s -X GET https://miwa.lol/api/user \
            -H "Authorization: Bearer $ACCESS_TOKEN" | jq
        ```
    </TabItem>
</Tabs>

Commit message:

docs: add note about jq for JSON parsing

docs/examples/get-user-with-client-credentials.mdx, after:

---
title: Get authenticated user with client credentials
description: Get the authenticated user using the client credentials flow.
---

import Tabs from '@theme/Tabs';
import TabItem from '@theme/TabItem';

This example demonstrates how to get the authenticated user using the client credentials flow with different libraries and languages.

## How it works

- The application sends a request to obtain an access token using its client ID and client secret.
- Once the token is received, it is included in the request headers for authentication.
- The API responds with the authenticated user data.

## Examples

<Tabs queryString="lib">
    <TabItem value="axios" label="Axios (JavaScript)">
        ```javascript
        import axios from 'axios';

        const clientId = 'YOUR_CLIENT_ID';
        const clientSecret = 'YOUR_CLIENT_SECRET';

        axios.post('https://miwa.lol/api/oauth2/token', {
            grant_type: 'client_credentials',
            client_id: clientId,
            client_secret: clientSecret,
        }).then((response) => {
            const accessToken = response.data.access_token;

            axios.get('https://miwa.lol/api/user', {
                headers: { Authorization: `Bearer ${accessToken}` },
            }).then((response) => {
                console.log(response.data);
            });
        });
        ```
    </TabItem>
    <TabItem value="requests" label="Requests (Python)">
        ```python
        import requests

        client_id = 'YOUR_CLIENT_ID'
        client_secret = 'YOUR_CLIENT_SECRET'

        response = requests.post('https://miwa.lol/api/oauth2/token', json={
            'grant_type': 'client_credentials',
            'client_id': client_id,
            'client_secret': client_secret,
        })
        response.raise_for_status()
        access_token = response.json()['access_token']

        response = requests.get('https://miwa.lol/api/user', headers={
            'Authorization': f'Bearer {access_token}',
        })
        response.raise_for_status()

        print(response.json())
        ```
    </TabItem>
    <TabItem value="curl" label="cURL (Bash)">
        :::note

        Ensure you have `jq` installed to parse the JSON response.

        :::

        ```bash
        CLIENT_ID='YOUR_CLIENT_ID'
        CLIENT_SECRET='YOUR_CLIENT_SECRET'

        ACCESS_TOKEN=$(curl -s -X POST https://miwa.lol/api/oauth2/token \
            -d "grant_type=client_credentials" \
            -d "client_id=$CLIENT_ID" \
            -d "client_secret=$CLIENT_SECRET" | jq -r '.access_token')

        curl -s -X GET https://miwa.lol/api/user \
            -H "Authorization: Bearer $ACCESS_TOKEN" | jq
        ```
    </TabItem>
</Tabs>
